# Use Cases

## Analyst

The primary action for the Analyst is to add, review and submit cards to the Manager The Slack
integration is a secondary feature.

### Submit Links - Form

As an analyst, I want to paste one or more links in a textarea, and get the enriched data in the
form of a card.

### Submit Links - Slack

As an analyst, I want to paste one or more links in a slack channel and get the enriched data in the
form of a card.

### Review cards

As an analyst, I want to review the cards generated by the Ai system. I do that in two steps. First,
once the cards are generated, **Flow** - I want to quickly scan through them, to identify which ones
are more likely to require my attention (Confidence System). Once I identify my potential issues, I
will review one by one, manually comparing the information with the link.

### Edit card content

As an analyst, I want to review the metadata enriched by AI to make sure that it was enriched
according to my expectations.

#### Flow

The system will receive the link, scrape the data, create a card. If that card doesn't have all the
information or has incorrect/incomplete information, I will edit that card, update that information
manually so the card has the correct information I need to send to the manager.

### Submit Card

As an analyst, I want to approve the card that I just reviewed. Once approved, this card appears on
the manager view.

### Check Cards Status

As an analyst, I want to be able to check which cards are in the manager's view, and which ones are
still in my view.

---

## Manager

The primary action for the Manager is to review and shortlist the cards to the Newsletter. The
manager can also add links of their own, but that is a secondary action.

### Review Cards

As a manager, I want to review the cards that I received.

### Edit Cards

As a manager, I want to edit the content of a given card.

### Shortlist Card

As a manager, I want to shortlist a card to go to the next issue of the newsletter.

### Revert Card to Analyst

As a manager, I want to revert a card to the analyst.

### Archive Card

As a manager, I want to archive a card that I don't think will be useful.

### Save card for later

As a manager, I want to save a card for later. This is because I like that card, but I don't want to
send it straight to the next issue—I want to save it for another issue.

---
